Hello there!
Kizuna Ai here!
Stiff shoulder, headache, stomachache,  eye strain, lack of sleep, tired body, stress,
etc! etc!
Modern people nowadays have these kind of problems, right?
I'm virtual so I don't have those problems, though!
So for all of you human viewers watching Ai Channel!
Ai-chan wants you to always have good health, so..
From today we will have..
"Beauty and Persona"
..as a series on this channel!
Y O G A !
When we say yoga,
don't you normally think of girls?
beautification or diet, for example!
There was a survey about this,
Only 1% of the surveyed males have ever
done yoga, you know?
What a waste!
Yoga has been in the history from
over 4000 years ago!
The term was from a Sanskrit word "Yuj"
Back then, it was used to communicate
your body and soul to the gods!
Not only to heal your body and soul,
it's used to relieve stress and achieve peace of mind
in America, people who do yoga..
in 2016...
...is 36.700.000 people!
Not only to heal your mind, but also your body,
Yoga is the best of the best!
Knowing all that now,
there's no other choice but to ride this
B I G W A V E !
This time we'll try something easy for beginners,
and choose this pose to start with,
Mārjāryāsana!
..it means cat!
It's a cat!
Neko~!
Nyan! ｍ(ΦωΦ)ｍ
It's the best pose to soften up your
stiff body, you know!
You match your movement with your breath,
and you take deep breath as you relax,
and repeat the movements, okay?
Before you start, don't forget to set up your
yoga mat, okay?
So, let's get started then
For start, this is the basic form for "the cat" pose
From this pose, as you take your breath,
bend your spine back
Pull your stomach, chest, and throat up
And try to look at the ceiling~
and then,
as you let go of your breath,
Bend your spine inwards and try
to make a circle with your back
put your weight to your palm
Stretch your neck, back, and your waist
fuu~
fu!
repeat as you breathe in,
and out..
do this 5 times, slowly.
5 times!
repeat it 5 times
If you did that for 5 times, next is..
Turn your arms inwards like this
Different than before where you breathe in when you bend outwards
this time you breathe out when you bend up,
and breathe in when you bend inwards
do this for 5 times too~
fuh
*exhales*
(you don't need to float like her)
So, did you viewers do it for 5 times?
..and that was the "cat pose".
Today we've done "the cat" pose!
It's important if you do this repeteadly,
you should do this everyday if you can!
It's a challenge to everyone, nyan!